          Kitty Campbell wrote this about her father,
James Sklaria or Skearia Nimmo, grandfather of Peggy
Furey Butler:

          I was only nine years old when he was lost
and your Grandma B.(Barbara Nimmo Furey) was eleven years.
I remember him quite plain.  I will tell you what mother
always told us.  Father was on Burrell Ships Merchant
Service.  They had a lot (of ships) all called Straths --
Strath Eern, Strath Lee, Strathmore.  I'm not sure which one
Father was on when he was lost.  He was thirty-three and had
his captain`s ticket, but he took a chief mate's job on his
last voyage.  They sunk all hands in a cyclone around
San Francisco.  Nothing was heard of them, only a false
report a year after.  Another ship had put our men's
names on.  We always thought they would have been cast away
on an island and would come back.  It was years before
we gave up hope.  I remember dreaming before we heard
the news, that I was going down with him on a ship, amd we
were singing a hymn.  His father dreamt he saw him between
two coffins.

          He (James' father) took Father to sea when he
was thirteen and made him climb the riggings in the dark.
He (James) said he was afraid, but he had to do it and he
was at sea until he was drowned.  He was only thirty-three
and just getting on.  He was before the mast, then second
mate, then chief and passed for captain before he was
thirty.  He passed his exams at the Merchants' College
South Shields.

          He (James) was a very restless man, always
wanting to get on, always wanting to feel a ship under him
and never stayed long at home.  He used to walk in his sleep.
One night when he was chief mate, he got up and turned the
wheel right round to another course and didn't know anything
about it until the morning.  If he hadn't done it, they
would all have been on the rocks that night, as the captain
was drunk.  Father was a good swimmer and had two medals
for saving life.

         I remember Mother taking your gran (Barbara Furey)
and me to meet him at the ports when he came home.  He
thought a lot of his two grown-up daughters, as he called us.
The sailors used to carry us up and down the decks.  When we
were having our dinners on board, he used to say eat up,
your father hasn't to pay for it.  We were going on the next
voyage with him, but it never came off.

          He was full of jokes, always teasing us and he
always had his pockets full of things for us-- scents, rib-
bons, ostrich feathers, etc. and we had to hunt for them.
He put money in the bank for us every time he came home.

          Mother was left with five of us to bring up.  Uncle
David was only nine months old.  The owners thought a lot of
him (James) and sent Mother 200 pounds.  He was a good father
while he lived; it was hard loosing him so soon.  I remember
crying for days after we got the sad news.  It would have
been November of 1890.  Burrell gave Uncle George his first
ship and third engineer.  They sold their ships in the
First World War.  I've heard there are some more Straths
now, but they don`t belong to Burrell's.

          His family were Scots for generations back. I
think this is about all I know.  I hope it will be of some
interest to you.

         The following came from Nan Duckworth, Kitty
Nimmo Campbell's daughter (Peggy Furey Butler's first
cousin.)

          Yes, I do remember my Grandma Nimmo very well.
She lived with us for a while when I was about sixteen.
She was small and neat, beautifully dressed and always
wore a gold watch on a chain around her neck, also a
tartan skirt.  She had blue eyes and a lovely skin,
though she was in her seventies.  Her hair was grey, but
Mother said when she was young, her hair was black,
and she was called a Scottish beauty.  I remember she
was always telling me to use glycerine and rose water to
keep my hands nice.

          Her energy was amazing.  I remember on a Sunday
almost racing down the bank to her Kirk, as she called it,
that was a primitive Methodist church.  She took me once.
They were all singing and clapping hands, which seemed very
strange to me, after our quiet church.
          Yes, I think they (she and James Nimmo) must
have been very much in love.  I wish I had asked more, but
I got the impression it wasn't quite approved by the family.
(Note:  Nan told be before that Barbara Miller and James
Nimmo were first cousins.)  When Uncle George came from
Australia, he told me he went to find relations in Leith
in Scotland,(that was where they came from).  He found
two aunts, and they closed the door and wouldn't have
anything to do with him.. He was rather hurt.

          Mother told me she wanted to marry her cousin,
also, one of the Craigs.  We seemed to be inclined that way.

          My mother adored her father; she was his favourite.
She remembered being carried about the ship by the sailors.
He (James Nimmo) told her to learn to read the clock, and
he would bring her a little sailor suit back.  She was
ready, but sadly, he never came back from sea.  The ship
went down in a whirl-pool somewhere off San Francisco.

         Also, Granddad's father was very tough and made
him climb the rigging when he was only a little boy.  He
must have been terrified.

          According to my mother, Granddad loved the sea,
couldn't wait to get back, and because his ship wasn't
ready, he took a lower position from captain on another
ship -his last voyage.

          The shipping company helped with the family's
education, I understand.

          Grandma was quite well educated herself.  She
used to speak French to me, which of course I didn't
understand.  And how she loved playing the organ, but
only hymns.  Her favourite was "Cross the River Jordan".

          Sorry I don`t know any more about them, except
they related to the Crawfords, the biscuit firm.

          The following is what I remember my mother
(Peggy Furey Butler) telling us about her grandmother.

          When she came to Ireland to visit in Labasheeda,
she saw her daughter, Barbara, reading a book on Sunday
and was very put out that the book was not the Bible.
After James Nimmo was lost at sea, she married again, but 
only briefly.  Apparently, she wasn't used to having a
husband around all the time, and so she divorced him.

          Aunt Vera told me that when her mother first
went out with a Catholic Irishman, grandmother disapproved
of him. They broke up. Later, when she met Michael Furey ,
Grandmother Nimmo still disapproved, but Barbara married him
anyway and became a convert.

                                                 