Chicago Tribune - obituaries
             


              
            Index

             
            Obituaries in the news

            Funeral-related announcements and services

            Contact Legacy.com




            Death Notices and Guest Books for "doyle"



            Page 1 of 1Show   5    10    25    50    100    All       complete 
              notices   notice headings     



                        Doyle Jr., Edward J.  

                        Edward J. Doyle Jr., age 89, retired Electric Utility 
                        Executive, of Englewood, FL, formerly of Wilmette, died 
                        June 18, 2004, beloved husband of the late Doris and 
                        Elaine; former husband of the late Jane and Betsy; dear 
                        father of Susan (Edmund Jr.) Stephan, Jill (Keith) 
                        Alley, E. John III (Eileen), Laurie (Andrew) Vos and 
                        Kate (Michael) Brown; loving grandfather of Edmund A. 
                        ''Ted'' Stephan III, Martin (Virginia) Stephan, 
                        Christine (Murat) Tastan, Cathy (Michael) Gravelli, 
                        Colin (Erin) Alley, Kara and E. John (Nicole) Doyle IV 
                        and Amanda (Craig) Robichaud; dearest great-grandfather 
                        of five; fond brother of Elizabeth (William) McNulty and 
                        the late Rosemary (the late Allen) Shelly. Memorial Mass 
                        will be held Saturday, Aug. 14, 2004, 10 a.m. at St. 
                        Mary's Church, 175 E. Illinois Rd., Lake Forest. Urn 
                        interment, Calvary Cemetery, Evanston. In lieu of 
                        flowers, memorial contributions may be made to the 
                        charity of your choice. Arrangements entrusted to Haben 
                        Funeral Home, Skokie. Funeral info, 847-673-6111. 
                        Published in the Chicago Tribune on 8/8/2004. 
                        Guest Book • Photo Gallery • Funeral home info 
                        Flowers & gifts • Charities 






                        Doyle, Kathryn M. (Smith)  

                        Kathryn M. Doyle, nee Smith, age 102, beloved wife of 
                        the late Lt. James Doyle, CPD; devoted daughter of the 
                        late John and Bridget Gallagher Smith; fond sister of 
                        the late Anna Neary, Joseph, Frank and John Smith; dear 
                        aunt of Maureen Burke, Lillian and Sr. Patriciana Kane, 
                        Rita Munzer, Mary Ponstein, Jude Sablick, Jack Smith, 
                        Catherine Smith, the late Frank ''Bud'' Smith, the late 
                        Joseph Smith and the late Monica Cassidy; grandaunt of 
                        Mary Baier, John, Michael, Paul and Thomas Cassidy, 
                        Patricia and Thomas Munzer, David, Dennis and James 
                        Ponstein, Maura Conrath, Amy Graver, Kara Roach, Jeanine 
                        Krol, Tracey Naughton, Susan Evans, Douglas, Gregory, 
                        Mark and Pamela Smith, the late Joseph and Marcella 
                        Smith; cherished grandaunt of many. Visitation Thursday, 
                        3 to 9 p.m. Funeral services Friday, 10 a.m. at 
                        Adams-Winterfield & Sullivan Funeral Home, 4343 Main 
                        St., (1 blk S. of Ogden), Downers Grove. Entombment 
                        Queen of Heaven Mausoleum. Memorial Mass to be offered 
                        later. For info, 630-968-1000. 
                        Published in the Chicago Tribune on 8/18/2004. 
                        Guest Book • Photo Gallery • Funeral home info 
                        Flowers & gifts • Charities 







              
            Top of page     Today's Chicago Tribune notices 
              





            Contact Legacy.com 
              
             
              
              
            Monday  August 23, 2004

        © Copyright 1999-2004 Legacy.com
            All Rights Reserved 
              
             
        
