From: Helm Family [helmfamily@earthlink.net]
Sent: Tuesday, February 24, 2004 1:51 PM
To: Vincent Streff
Subject: Re: Streff Family

Hi!
Togin is a wonderful person and she sort of keeps me straightened out on family....
She is trying to help me to find streff family as I have many photos that I don't know who they are as well as several that I do know but cannot locate family members.....The photos belonged to my great grandmother...several are wedding photos....and I am searching for grand children well probably great grandchildren etc to place the photos with.  I am hanging onto ones that are direct descendant grandparents and making color photo copies of ones that I have dispersed.......

I am pretty novice to the genealogy and togin does a lot to place me into contact with family....I also am very poor at computer skills!!!!!!!!!!!! so I have most of the records I do have in hard copy...

I have a single typewritten sheet that I am unsure who created but it is the history of Michael Streff.... who would have been my great-great grandfather.

Michael Streff was born in Wellenstein, Luxembourg May 9, 1837
He came with his parents to Dubuque County, Iowa in the latter part of 1846 They lived for some time at Tete de Mort, Iowa.

Ann Elizabeth Koob was born in  Angelsberg, Luxembourg in May 1847
She came to the United States in 1863 when she was 14.

Michael Streff and Anna Elizabeth Koob were married at St. Donatus, Jackson County, Iowa on November 29, 1865.

Elizabeth M. Streff was born May 25, 1867
The family moved to Humboldt, Humboldt County, Iowa soon after.

Matthew J. Streff was born at Humboldt , Iowa January 31, 1869

Albert Streff was born there April 15, 1871

Joseph Streff was born there on October 22, 1873

The family moved to Deer Creek Township, Webster County near Fort Dodge Iowa

Mary Streff was born on the farm March 10, 1876 - this is my great grandmother

I have other childrens dates etc......  

Right now I can't find my sheets on the family....but I would be happy tosend you (snail mail ) if you provide me your address the information I have.....and photocopies of my pictures ...as you may be able to identify people in them..

I do know that I communicated with someone who told me that there were at least three non related streffs with approximately the same names married tosimilarly named women in the St Donatious area.....

I am always anxious to find Streff family members.

Need to close now.....please email me back .....hopefully you will have overlap with our information.

Marilyn Helm

