From: Patty [patty1@joimail.com]
Sent: Thursday, July 15, 2004 2:49 PM
To: Vincent Streff
Subject: Streff family

Hi Vince,

    Thank you for sending me your website, excellent job! It is fascinating this genealogy work I have started, the more I find the more I want to know. The best part of course for me is making contact with distant relatives. I love looking at old photographs, there is so much history about them. Would it be okay if I email your website to other Streff family members that I have made contact with? 
    Attached are the 1880 census with your line.  I just thought you might find this interesting. I spent hours going through the census and documenting every Streff I could find. On the Federal population schedule of 1860 I found Paul as living in Belgium, WI and in 1855 John B in Fredonia, WI and M. Streff in Port Washington,Village. By the 1870 census Streff's are in IL 
    From what I could gather the 3 brothers Paul, Mathias, and John B. came from Luxembourg in 1846 and first settled in Holy Cross, WI   From records I have there were 9 siblings born to Michael Streff and Elizabeth Ronck. Back in 1975 MaryJane Streff Marsh and her father John went over to Luxembourg met some cousins and also did research while there. From Melissa, MaryJanes daughter she said there was a memorial in honor of the Streff's wishing them good luck in America that supposedly it's still there.
    I attached a picture that was just recently taken on my parents 60th wedding anniversary My dad was an only child and as you can see there are seven kids, we range in age 59 to 41.  I'm the one in the white blouse. 
    All of my siblings and parents reside in Arizona.  I'm the only one that moved away from the Phoenix. My husband and I moved to a small town in the mountains called Payson about a 90 minute drive from Phoenix. My parents live in Sun City, AZ and are both in their 80's.  My dad has been writing stories about what he can remember about living on the farm in Loda so I'm documenting it and finding out all kinds of interesting tales about him and family members. My great Grandpa Frank James, my Grandpa Philip and my dad, Philip were all born in the same house same room on the farm in Loda.  I  went to Loda once as a child but the thing that I still can vision today was the Streff school house that was still standing along with the water pump still intact. There is a 150 year anniversary celebration of the town of Loda taking place this August. Josephine Streff Davis still lives in Loda today. 
    Both my kids live in the Phoenix, my daughter Teresa is 28 and works for a bank and my son Erik is 24 who just separated from the Air Force in December. He however is now a member of the air national guard and just finished up a 6 month class on air conditioning and heating and started working out in the field.   
    Yes, I know of Bernard Ellenbecker and too have made contact with him on the lead your brother gave me. I wrote a letter(exactly a year ago today) to him and he called me and told me about the manuscript. He talked freely to me about and explained that it was left by Clara Streff Wagner to him to get it published. He claims that another family couple along with himself were checking into getting it done but since then the couple have both passed on, and nothing has been done with it. He said he has lots of family pictures, ship they came over on and entry's dated up to the early 60's. He promised he would send me pictures and information but never happened.  I sent him a packet of information and pictures and wrote him two more times but never heard again from him. I even offered to pay to help him continue on with the publishing of it and do what ever I could to him with it.  I going to try one more phone call and see if I can get anywhere with him.  I just don't think there is any interest there with himself or his brother especially being they were not born a Streff.  I have a Great Aunt Geraldine Streff who is 97 years and lives in Arlington Heights, IL who worked along side Clara Streff Wagner on the family tree. Aunt Gerri is in sound mind for her age and still writes letters and I keep her updated on my progress with the tree.
    I do have lots of information I can share with you such as census and family lines or other family contacts via email or mailing addresses to help further you research.  Would you be interested in having a copy of my line? Keep in touch.
    Patty